More minigame framework documentation (#29)
letsgamedev/Suffragium: game/games/testgame/README.md

> # How to add you own Minigame - A Step by step Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to add you own Minigame - A step-by-step Guide
```

> ## 1. Chose a folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Choose a folder
```

> All files related only to your game go into a folder inside `res://games/`. You shouldn't rename it after the game is first merged. 

Reviewer: `a folder` is kinda confusing. Maybe rewrite to something like `add a folder with a name of your choice to...`

> There are no rules what to call it but a good idea is to use your name and the games name (ex. "asecondguy_assimilator") to avoid any accidental collisions.

Reviewer 2: I agree, it avoids conflicts, but i don't think the initial author should be part of the game name.
I'd propose we change that requirement anyway, because the name of the game should not be that important, but rather use a unique ID (e.g. uuid) in the game.cfg. Makes it more portable as well.

Collisions are then also very unlikely to ever occur and we can then fix that through an update to the corresponding uuid.

Further suggestion might be to automatically generate a list of authors through a git blame / git log of the corresponding folder. Alternatively manually a'la https://allcontributors.org/

Author: Changing that is for another PR I think.

> There are no rules what to call it but a good idea is to use your name and the games name (ex. "asecondguy_assimilator") to avoid any accidental collisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no rules on what to call it. A good idea is to use your name and the name of your game (ex. `asecondguy_assimilator`) to avoid any accidental collisions.
```

is it `no rules on` or `no rules to`? Could need a bit of help here. Anyway: Sounds like there's a word missing.

## 2. Make a game.cfg

> The game.cfg file resides in your Minigame's folder. It defines how your game is displayed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The game.cfg file resides in your Minigame folder. It defines how your game is loaded and displayed in the games overview. 
```

games overview = gamesManager ? StartScreen ? Main Menu?

> If you are unsure copy the game.cfg from the testgame and change the values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are unsure copy the game.cfg from the testgame and change the values to your needs.
```

There are no rules what to call it. A good idea is to use your name and the name of your game (ex. `asecondguy_assimilator`) to avoid any accidental collisions.

## 2. Make a game.cfg
The game.cfg file resides in your minigame folder. It defines how your game is loaded and displayed in the game selection menu. <br>
You can find all relevant keys in this document.
If you are unsure copy the game.cfg from the testgame and change the values to your need.
It will always contain all required and optional settings clearly marked.

## 3. Make your game work
* GameManager is always available in every script and has useful functions(like `end_game()`). A list of these functions can be found in this document or the full list with all functions in [this README](../../menu/README.md)
* Don't add `Autoload` scripts. They are loaded on startup and run all the time so it is bad practice to use one in a minigame.
* The scene you defined in `game.cfg` will be loaded with `get_tree().change_scene()`. So It'll work like it is the main scene.
* To return to the game selection use `GameManager.end_game("This is the end message")`

# game.cfg keys
* Section: `game`

>   * Choose a memorable name <br>

Reviewer 3: You shouldn't use `<br>` in Markdown. To create a second paragraph inside a bullet point, just make sure to ident properly:
```md
* Choose a memorable name
   `name="Balloon Pop"`
* Description supports bbcode.
```

* Choose a memorable name
   `name="Balloon Pop"` 
* Description supports bbcode.

Author: That didn't work In VSCode. For some reason that is off by default.

    `name="Balloon pop"`
  * Description supports bbcode. Say what your game is about. <br>
    `desc="Pop the balloons of the right [color=blue]color[/color]"`
  * These paths are relative to the game folder.  <br>
    `main_scene="balloonPop.tscn"` <br>
    `icon="balloon.png"`
  * Version has no effect. But it might be shown in debug menus. <br>
    `version="1.0"` <br>
  * Put your name here. Has no effect.<br>
    `creator="ASecondGuy"` <br>

> # Usefull functions

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# Useful functions
```
